Construction then melt everything he did research
builds investigating the Technical University Eindhoven arno pronk
years diligently and people he's cultures regard him we can not
without the beauty of ephemeral art today he is our optimist
yes very much more arno pronk he led the last four year project which
huge he urges further built where the
a fascination for construction with snow and ice
nja and is more mixed research that has to do with the construction of
flexible silly and one of the men is true inflatable membranes
play pools
and no I can so you can with different materials
application include the sidecar concrete or composite or glass
yes emmen but demanding course that is compared with concrete or glass
typically clear as it reached
Well yes that's right Russian melting again that perhaps the
realists and one side benefit of the Brussels can share the
benefits
the advantage is that the melt and that nothing remains for you to
endlessly experiment and the second is a very cheap trick temperatures between
TURIN available and it has an impact, I went on the boards
the downside is that signal h may not be well enjoy yourself then you
equally beautiful tower put down as culture and then name you look out for
your eyes
jaja after fast and hot too so many people ask why are you doing this now
and exactly what is the answer
but the answer is actually that of the year for me, especially as
teacher very important to check things out together with researchers from you
Search and find out
ice creams and particularly in a complex material with many hearing all her
carriage, and structural properties
and it is also charging a very complex for us to get to a
beautiful challenge this again in a sense not only a work of art
Research is also going to look at than
yes yes a year so there is actually quite good surveys and diamond
For applications you can bring the ball they can for themselves festivals
we actually use that much if not compass
we also go back to the emmen spikes go this year to less
labor largest ice festival in the world is hanging in china agadir
NYS in the north north east of china
and that he is a festival house prices and the italian
sundaes scattering wijhe
9 as they build an ice castle complete jaco all solid
blocks, however, for which purpose
for pulling the less each year one million tourists
which so yes curing come to see ice sculptures which really has a
put himself down as a thin ice city in the world and there is the slogan used
altogether with that subject
anaheim and the first step of ten million inhabitants metropolis says
and every year a million people come down there on yes and coming so watch
to include a tower and the requirement that you go behind
drop in my
year they do this for thirty years and
but they build with chunks of ice we get there from the river to his
massive blocks the stable on
because we do is work with men so you also in the camps
and there yes that US and they wanted something different and came after thirty years
in contact with humans are forgotten very interesting
have in recent years and a small pearl done and the next year
we go for a try drop a large tower for why
then he must choir as high as actually had this afternoon was club you will thus
prove
You should be later that he had the country thirty meters are c30
Peeters and in the apartment of three floors
ICE requirements
update yet in the target
Well because it enables us to show what you can technically say so because
that it is possible
a random compare with the Eiffel Tower, we are prohibited in
put down Euroleague
because here because we wanted to show what you can do with the steel in Huy
can connect and ran, and that was the tone at the world so and so
we actually want nokia show them with ice water what is possible to
own tower still stands
it takes not so then again you can start again the year is
However optimistic
yes Rutte reported that circulate an enormous ice gate to the cathedral their
doping requirements
DEA would cultivate the ice that you can not put
Well why do RTV Drenthe long trip buy is actually in 2022 and found
the Winter Olympics places I sing
and then also have a left-wing hobby horses their fins will very much
requirements
years they would love thereby tent and dutch pavilion built for
I think it would be a young team and the interest rate target may be there are almost as
Also it is thought very much and i mars missions
only NASA has all competitions about written for
Charles how to deal with housing
and the demand is there were options make way yes
after the sky is the limit literally in this case I want, I want you
Invite a sit behind the pulpit
there's so I think I can about my snowman but can be much better
because they all go to our optimist today arno koek
just look beyond the requirement is quite fascinating particularly nadja
structural properties
The students from Netherlands and Belgium have the greatest surge
thirty meters
and reduced the highest tower of 21 meters in ice
many people ask
what what is the point of this requirement constructions
there are many people with enough and you just power and money that technical
inventions in some way to
exploiting and and those technical inventions
the world would have
and this has huge respect
Unfortunately, there are examples of the idealists
ending when the final fill bags or a dictator or
criminal
in lead also is much more important to look at yourself
only which is good to do good
by working on yourself, you can become a better person and a piece
closer to your soul come our soul is very
emmen ultimately everything else temporarily
in symbol of that temporary travel
temporality is the oak thijs constructions that we go this year
Building in China
working on a complex project with an international team of researchers
students
there is a social and cultural and technological challenge
while the ice is less expensive but environmentally friendly material that does not
leaving traces
as we were eighteen 87 built the Eiffel Tower to show what
it was possible to steel so we now show what you can do with water in the
shape of the ice-cream
but involves us not only that goal
so for us the process is more important than it is it's the point of all that
work
what is the point of all the work
it is a sign of our technical ability
constructive beauty and impermanence
but especially the little team work where students get the chance
to develop
better than that I can not make it
and you do not really nice but that is not made by the drink
arno pronk our optimists and today all the optimism back
win decision EénVandaag a radio also on twitter and facebook youtube
channel EénVandaag
I got you an optimist mail to radio and EenVandaag points
help out